[Term Entry] SwiftUI ViewModifier .dropDestination() (#3603)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/viewmodifier/terms/dropDestination/dropDestination.md

- `isTargeted:` A closure that is triggered when a draggable item hovers over this view, updating a boolean value to true when a draggable item is hovering over this view, and false when it is not.

> **Note**: Both `action` and `isTargeted` are escaping closures. This means that they are executed after the function (they are passed to)  returns. For a drag-and-drop operation to work appropriately, the `.dropDestination()` method must return the value of the data dropped on the view before the `action` and `isTargeted` closures can be executed. For more information see [closures](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures).

## Example

```swift
struct ContentView: View {
  @State private var isDropTargeted = false
  @State private var droppedPayload: String = "No text dropped yet"
  @State private var myPayload: String = "I belong in a blue box."

 var body: some View {
   HStack(spacing: 50) {
     Square(text: $myPayload, color: .pink)
     .draggable(myPayload, preview: {
       Text("Dragging...")
       .padding()
       .background(Color.purple)
       .cornerRadius(25)
     })

>    }

Author: @KTom101 I included the draggable view modifier because the code will not run without it. I originally left this part out since it is discussed in the draggable term entry which is linked at the bottom of this entry.

  
  Square(text: $droppedPayload, color: .blue)
    .dropDestination(for: String.self) { receivedPayload, locationDrop in
      if !receivedPayload.isEmpty {
        droppedPayload = receivedPayload[0]
        myPayload = " "
        return true
      }
      return false
      } isTargeted: {
        isDropTargeted = $0
    }
    .brightness(isDropTargeted ? -0.2 : 0)
    .scaleEffect(isDropTargeted ? 1.25 : 1)
  }

  struct Square: View {
    @Binding var text: String
    var color: Color
    var body: some View {
      ZStack {
        color
        Text(text)
          .padding()
          .bold()
      }
      .frame(width: 150, height: 150)
      .cornerRadius(25)
    }

>   }

Author: @KTom101 I added the definition for the Square custom view. I used the same custom view for the draggable term entry example #3602. Should I add the custom view definition to that example as well?

Reviewer: @marjoriekohn Yes thank you. I left a comment there too.

## Example

```swift
struct ContentView: View {
  @State private var isDropTargeted = false
  @State private var droppedPayload: String = "No text dropped yet"
  @State private var myPayload: String = "I belong in a blue box."

Square(text: $droppedPayload, color: .blue)
  .dropDestination(for: String.self) { receivedPayload, locationDrop in
    if !receivedPayload.isEmpty {
      droppedPayload = receivedPayload[0]
      myPayload = " "
      return true
    }
    return false
    } isTargeted: {
      isDropTargeted = $0
  }
  .brightness(isDropTargeted ? -0.2 : 0)
  .scaleEffect(isDropTargeted ? 1.25 : 1)
}
```

> **Note**: The `Square` view is a custom view that takes two parameters: `text` and `color`. The `text` parameter binds to the `droppedPayload` state variable, while the `color` parameter determines the background color of the view. For information on custom views, see [Views](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views).

> In the example, the custom `Square` view has a `.dropDestination()` modifier. Let's break down the arguments passed to this method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example, the custom `Square` view has a `.dropDestination()` modifier. The following arguments are passed to this method:
```

- `for:` is set to `String.self` since the draggable and droppable data, `myPayload`, is of type String.
- `action:` defines variables to store received data `receivedPayload` and its drop location `locationDrop`, also determines custom actions, such as displaying dropped data on the view.

>   `isTargeted:` utilizes the boolean `isDropTargeted` which, when `true`, applies the `.brightness()` and `.scaleEffect()` modifiers to the view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `isTargeted:` utilizes the boolean `isDropTargeted` which, when `true`, applies the `.brightness()` and `.scaleEffect()` modifiers to the view.
```

> **Note**: By default, if the draggable items and drop destination reside in the same container, the item is removed from the original container and placed into the receiving one. Conversely, if the draggable items and drop destination are in different containers, the item is copied to the receiving container, and persists in both. These behaviors can be modified within the action closure.

This will display:

![SwiftUI ViewModifier DropDestination](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/swiftui-viewmodifier-dropDestination.gif)

> > **Note**: `.dropDestination()` is the second of two parts in the drag-and-drop operation. For information on setting up a draggable view, see [.draggable()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/viewmodifier/draggable).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: `.dropDestination()` is the second of two parts in the drag-and-drop operation. For information on part one see [.draggable()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/viewmodifier/draggable).
```
